Define KeyGen. Fix escapes. (#183)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf: draft-irtf-cfrg-voprf.md

Both modes of the OPRF involve an offline setup phase. In this phase,
both the client and server create a context used for executing the
online phase of the protocol. Prior to this phase, keys (`skS`, `pkS`)
should be generated by calling a `KeyGen` function. `KeyGen`

> generates a private and public key pair (`skS`, `pkS`), where `skS` is a
> random, non-zero element in the scalar field the corresponding group
> and `pkS = ScalarBaseMult(skS)`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
generates a private and public key pair (`skS`, `pkS`), where `skS` is a
non-zero element chosen at random from the scalar field of the 
corresponding group and `pkS = ScalarBaseMult(skS)`.

```
